---
date: 2020-07-31T21:23:01.818-00:00
syndicate-to:
- https://twitter.com/smithtimmytim
- https://mastodon.social/@sassybbq
- https://micro.blog/smith
---
Ok, so I just pushed some pretty awesome things to my site and wanted to tell you about them! I am feeling the love of development again and you bet your ass I'm riding this high.

First up, I added a better [archive page](/archive/). You can now browse by topic and series. Notes are separate from articles in the archive for better scan-ability. I hope this helps people better find valuable content that I wrote a while ago. I'm slowly migrating what I consider to be the "best" things I've written over the years and giving them a final home on my personal site. You may have noticed that I'm not writing *Bright Pixels* anymore and as such, I've decided to keep things simple by housing it all here.

This is stuff that I feel no one else worries about, but I think this is the neurosis that goes with the fundamental belief of owning my own content. I'm giving myself a bit of freedom and letting go of how strict I've been about this though.

I used to think that I should never break links. That it was my responsibility to keep up everything that had ever been put on the web. I notice a lot of web people tend to host their archives from more than a decade ago. This sounds nice as an idea, but it's a nightmare in actual practice. And I get that this has been my fault too. I lack any sort of creative contentment and I seem to constantly create new projects just to fucking quit on them later when I've realized I don't have the bandwidth to actually do them. *inhale*. Look who's therapy copay is paying off.

Everything I've ever written is a lot of stuff and frankly not all of it is great. But some of it is meaningful to me. Like [this post](/blog/2019/depression/) I wrote about my depression. I'm so grateful I have posts like this that preserve who I am and what I'm feeling in that moment. I'm a thoughtful person who loves to revisit who I was and reflect on things I can improve about myself. In this particular case, it's interesting and heart-breaking to read how I was feeling about my depression, yet I feel excited and relieved to feel far away from the despair of before.

And that's what owning my content is all about. At the end of the day, it's a record of me and my life. That I existed. That I lived. That I loved. That I was passionate and excited about things. That I was sad and sometimes couldn't see the light at the end of a very long tunnel. And I think it's insanely valuable to have that for yourself and for people who love you.

This is all to say that all will live here from now on and if I want to delete something because it no longer aligns with my current values, I'll do that too. It's owning my content, but's it's also owning my content *on my terms*. And I think that's an important distinction.

---

As I was saying, there are more cool features I added! I added a coding section to the homepage that displays my coding activity, code editor and operating system, and even shows the top four languages I've been writing! I'm pretty hyped 😎

It's all brought to you by the Wakatime API which I'd been wanting to use for a few weeks. Then I saw [Jacob Herper's GitHub Profile](https://github.com/jakeherp) and was inspired to create my own little statistics section. Check out the homepage to see it in action. I'm so proud of it 😍 and hope you like it.

Oh! I centered the content area too, because the left aligned look from before was bugging the hell out of me. I can say I tried something different than my usual and learned I didn't like it 😂

That's it for now. I hope you're as well as possible during these tough times. May the force be with you, always ❤️
